feat: spam filter project (#49873)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-spam-filter/641cd18eb67c661d8a9e11f3.md

---
id: 641cd18eb67c661d8a9e11f3
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

> To get this project started, use `.getElementById()` to get the `#message-input`, `#result`, and `#check-message-btn` elements, and assign them to `messageInput`, `result`, and `checkMessageButton` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin the project, use the `.getElementById()` method to retrieve the `#message-input`, `#result`, and `#check-message-btn` elements from the HTML document, and assign them to the variables `messageInput`, `result`, and `checkMessageButton`, respectively.
```
